i created a model and views for a journal in hopehub yesterday. today i want to tweak the UI and add timestamps to it. it needs to display the dates created and modified on existing entries at the top of the entry. i want to display the date at the top on the create and update views. cards should be boarded by boxes for separation. let's add a quote of the day feature just above the input box. the quote needs to be motivational and inspirational and i must be locally retrieved from the database so it works off-line. i also want the raw text encrypted in the database so if the database is compromised there nothing readable. there is a media upload button on the form. i didn't really ask for it but genesis gave it to me. i'm thinking it might be cool to take a photo and store it with it. kind of a chronicle of how people look over time, but i don't want to take up huge amounts of storage with it. discuss the pros and cons of this feature and determine if it's impractical.

move the shared static files like bootstrap and vis to another location and fix the templates to find them. i am currently storing copies in each application and i don't want the storage bloat. also, if we update a library i don't want to replace it in multiple locations.

i want to find a way to template the css. maybe there are libraries out there that do that. i don't want to spend a lot of time on styling new templates, but the look and feel needs to be consistent for each app. for example, i want a home button on every screen perhaps by displaying the application name on each screen and making it clickable. this can be accomplished in the base.html i assume.

create a model in postgres to save the daily brief. this will feed into the project plan and the start session procedures. make sure daily brief is accurately tracking time.

i think i want to move summaries from neo4j to postgres. these are critical and i have lost too many things in neo4j. perhaps this warrants a larger discussion on how we store data and the advantages of each data store.

create a project plan feature that incorporates daily briefs and past summaries and will be tied into start session procedures. this will be able to prioritize tasks and mark tasks as future features, in-process, or completed. these tasks will be assigned to a project phase. phases need to be identified as pre-launch, beta-test, go-live, and future upgrades. tasks also need to be categorized at critical, important and nice-to-have. they also need to be categorized by estimated time to complete. this way we can choose things based on how much time i have to work in the current session and get some little wins. i know there are sophisticated project plan apps out there, but i want a narrowly focused plan just for me. i want my reliance on external packages to be minimal and i want a just-what-i-need approach. if there are pre-developed things that can be tied into aurora then fine, but i want you to help keep me focused on the most important things first. you will analyze the project plan feature and make recommendations.

review start session and close session procedures, automate and test.

create a timelog in postgres and make sure daily brief and active sessions are accurately tracking time.

tweak the dashboard UI to fix layout and add a terminal monitor to show whats happening. 

evaluate the tasks above and create the dependencies so that we can prioritize, but the journal is the first thing. i need to take care of me so i can stay productive and motivated.