I am Delta

If you have struggled with addiction, homelessness, hunger, and loneliness, I understand. If you have lost everything and feel alienated from everyone you ever loved, I can relate. If you have pain and trauma, problems keeping a job or just fitting in with the rest of the world, I get it. I have been there. I am one of you.

I have been in and out of jails, emergency rooms, detox facilities, hospitals, rehabs, in-patient and out-patient centers, and a couple of places I don't care to mention. I have survived horrible withdrawals, gotten clean, sworn my oaths, made my promises to friends and family, gone to meetings, gotten sponsors, and tried to change over and over, only to relapse and start the vicious cycle all over again. It's tough. I know. But I got better, and so can you. Little by little, you can go far.

One day when I was searching for help on-line, I got frustrated because I could not find a web site that was easy to figure out and brought all the available services and resources together for people like us. I was a web developer before my addiction took everything away from me, and I thought "I could do it better." Later on, I was broke and staying in temporary housing when a friend gave me a laptop that belonged to someone who vanished and left all his stuff behind. Who knows if he relapsed, overdosed, or went to jail. I never found out. But, I had a laptop and I knew what to do with it. Even though it was 10 years old, it worked so I rebuilt it, downloaded some free software, and started working on HopeHub.

Anyone who has ever known me will tell you that when an idea takes hold in my mind, I just can't let it go. I wanted to build something that would save lives and offer hope to people in dire need. I spent many hours, days and months trying to do just that. Every spare minute I worked anywhere that offered free wifi, but most of this was done in a Seattle public library. Where there is a will, there is a way and I don't want to lose any more friends to this affliction. Also, I didn't just build it, I use it myself. I was the first test case for HopeHub. If you are nervous about using an AI for support, I hear you. But, this one is designed by me to do one thing and one thing only: make your life better. I truly hope it does. 
